Update dependencies (#35)
saschanaz/jxl-winthumb: README.md

1. Move to your download directory
1. `regsvr32 jxl_winthumb.dll`, or to uninstall, `regsvr32 /u jxl_winthumb.dll`.

> You might need to restart windows for the extention to work.

Reviewer: Restarting `explorer.exe` should be enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to restart `explorer.exe` for the component to work.
```

("Component" because C of both WIC and COM is Component.)

1. Move to your download directory
1. `regsvr32 jxl_winthumb.dll`, or to uninstall, `regsvr32 /u jxl_winthumb.dll`.

You might need to restart `explorer.exe` for the component to work.  

> You can use this command: `taskkill /f /im explorer.exe & start explorer.exe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this command: `taskkill /f /im explorer.exe && start explorer.exe`
```

`&` does different thing in pwsh, while it seems both work in cmd.

> You might need to restart `explorer.exe` for the component to work.  
> You can use this command: `taskkill /f /im explorer.exe && start explorer.exe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might need to restart `explorer.exe` or any programs that use the dll before updating it. Get the list of such programs using `tasklist /m jxl_winthumb.dll` and kill them e.g. with `taskkill /f /im explorer.exe && start explorer.exe`.
```
